Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
♪♪
[crowd clamoring]
-[boot thumping]
-CROWD: One! Two! Three!
[laughs menacingly]
Yeah!
[yells]
[yells. grunts]
[cheering]
Come on! Yeah!
Come on!
[yells]
-[laughs]
-[crowd shouting]
Let's do this! Come on!
Come on!
[yells. grunts]
Come on! Come on!
[chair clatters]
[grunts] Come on.
Let's do this. Come on.
[crowd shouting]
[wrestlers grunting]
MAN: Let the backpack slip off
next time everyone stands.
[cheering]
Where's Jane?
Daniel Kellner.
Do you want to see her again
or not?
[crowd cheering]
Relax.
Enjoy the match.
Just got to make sure
it's all there.
[crowd cheering]
MAN 2:7.23.48.83
through 3.14.84A.
11.17.55...
I make a total of 107
IronClad drives. 128 gig each.
-You want me to do a recount?
-Uh. when we finish. yes.
Printed documents
approximately 200 pages.
What's the date range?
Uh. we can catalog that
when we get back.
But I'm seeing
as far back as 1947
and as recent as last year.
[door creaks open]
[lively crowd chatter
in distance]
♪♪
[breathing heavily]
Well. this is all
rather disappointing.
Where's Jane?
[trembling breaths]
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-DANIEL: Careful.
-[snips zip tie]
-[Jane whimpering]
-Hey.
Who turned you?
Give me the names. all of them.
and you two can call a cab.
It's here.
[backpack drops to ground]
Where is it?
-Put your weapon on the ground!
-[others shouting]
Do not fire! Do not fire.
If you fire.
it could activate the device.
Loosen your grip. Daniel.
If you squeeze. it activates.
Soften your grip.
Put it down.
You don't know how to use it.
-I know how you used it.
-And it almost killed me.
Now. place the device
on the ground.
I should do to you
what you did to them.
Stand down. Serena.
[breathing heavily]
Do not exert any pressure on it.
Just loosen your grip.
Loosen your grip. That's it.
Just open your hand.
That's it.
Okay. Okay.
Sweep everything into
the backpack and get in the car.
Please. Jane.
Get out.
You're not running
some malware op.
You can't hide behind a screen
in your SCIF.
The world is on the brink.
Do you actually believe
that dumping inventory
will be anything more
than a dangerous distraction?
I watched the interrogations.
History doesn't have
a reset key.
If you do this.
there's no undoing it.
That's the plan.
[engine starts]
[tires squealing]
Boyd.
He sits at a desk.
How did he beat you?
They said you committed treason?
It's not treason.
They're not the government.
and they lie for a living.
What is going on. Daniel?
Their cars have trackers.
We got to get rid of this.
Please just take me home.
They'd be waiting
at your apartment.
Hey. hand me
the clear plastic bag.
Okay. Steer for a second.
Okay. Okay.
[dialing phone]
-Okay. okay.
-[line ringing]
Hugo. I'm clear.
HUGO [over phone]:
Daniel. I'm so proud of you.
They kidnapped Jane
to get to me.
She's with me now.
HUGO: Is she all right?
Not really. Hugo.
Where do I do the drop?
-No drop yet.
-[power tools buzzing]
-Get secure. and then...
-DANIEL: No. no. no.
Send the guy for the bag now.
Somebody needs to run
with this thing.
That's you.
You've got the ball.
I don't want the ball.
No. the plan was I get it out
of the facility. and I-I did.
HUGO: I decided
you were best qualified
to keep the material safe.
Are you out of your mind?
No. I'm not a field guy. Hugo.
I-I did the tech work.
That's all I can do.
You just stay with me.
We're on plan.
Waiting now for someone else
to be activated.
When they are.
we'll know what comes next.
Leave Jane somewhere safe
and get secure for the night.
Oh. no.
I-I'm not leaving her alone.
-She'll be safer without you.
-But she wasn't.
I'm gonna need you to drop
a marker when you get secure.
Our friend Santiago
will find you in the morning.
I should just dump everything
online right now.
You cannot. under any
circumstances. do that.
For now. we wait.
Stay alert. Find shelter.
Santiago will put us together
in the morning.
Destroy your phone.
[sighs]
[siren wailing in distance]
Danny.
Satellite burner phones.
They got their own
encrypted network.
We only use them once.
What exactly do you do
for a living?
We got to get secure
for the night.
No apartments. no motels.
Has to be somewhere I've never
been before in my life.
I know a place close to here.
[elevator bell chimes]
Musgrave at DoD wants
a briefing.
SCANLON:
Get Wakefield down here now.
Tell Musgrave
it was a minor breach.
Recovery is in process.
Sir. he will not want
to hear it from me.
If I pick up the phone.
it means I'm concerned.
If they even get a whiff
of that. we'll have the entire
military and intelligence
apparatus up here in an hour.
Handle him.
Anything relevant to this
on news feeds?
Not yet.
Socials or secure private?
All quiet.
12 no-shows here today.
All with empty desks.
All clearance above G5.
[busy chatter]
All right. so we're dealing
with an operation
carefully coordinated
and executed.
Why? With what goal?
If they wanted the archive out.
Kellner would have
already released it.
but he hasn't. which means
somebody's maintaining
decision space.
But for how long. we don't know.
so think quickly.
Daniel Kellner has a doctorate
in theoretical
and applied cybersecurity.
and he's spent the better part
of eight years
safeguarding high-side data.
so what does that
tell us about him?
Ideas.
-Come on.
-He built the firewalls.
He knows how to breach them.
They're already breached.
We got to play past that.
AGENT: We got to maintain
standard skip tracing.
AGENT 2:
Well. I can access SYNTRAK.
SERENA:
What's the next thing he does?
BOYD: Sir.
Hugo Wakefield didn't show up
for work this morning.
[sighs]
His desk was cleaned out.
Hugo?
Second device is missing
from deep storage.
Where's the third?
Locked down in the cold room.
♪♪
[vehicle door closes]
DANIEL: How do you know
they'll answer it?
'Cause that's what we do.
How do you know this place?
Jane.
[sobbing]: Oh... oh. my dear.
The monsignor has finally
surrendered his sneakers.
-Oh.
-[chuckling]
Oh. I couldn't bear
his other shoes.
I know. They always
squeaked so horribly.
[both laughing]
[imitating squeaking footsteps]
Oh. we have missed you
very much. my dear.
Oh. come on.
All I ever did was drive you
and the other sisters crazy.
Mm. well. you do ask
a lot of questions.
Did Teresa ever get through
her postulancy?
She sailed through.
Once she stopped
sneaking out at night.
JANE: No.
SISTER MAURA:
The monsignor has her teaching
third grade at St. Anthony's.
JANE: Oh. she'll be
fantastic with kids.
BOTH: Saint Benedicta.
Hold this against your eye.
I'm not going to ask you
any questions.
It's not my business.
But Jane is.
Whatever you have done. you must
hold yourself accountable.
But leave Jane out of it.
She can stay with us.
[chuckling]: You were a nun?
We've had sex.
What do you think?
I think everything you told me
about yourself isn't true.
You have an enormous
amount of nerve.
Yeah. I kept things to myself
because I had to sign away
my life. but your thing...
[chuckles]
You were an actual nun?
A novitiate.
Why didn't you say anything?
I omitted a portion of my story.
People judge you.
When was all this?
Three years ago.
And I'm not answering
any more questions until you do.
What did you steal?
I stole the data
they paid me to protect.
Why would you do that?
'Cause people have a right
to know the truth.
And what is it.
this truth you stole?
So...
you wanted to be a nun.
but what. you lost your faith?
I lost my calling.
How long have you worked
for these people?
Since. um...
Since I got out...
of federal prison
eight years ago.
I did 19 months in Petersburg
for cybercrimes.
WARDEX recruited me
straight out of the parking lot
the day I was released.
-Even with your record?
-Because of my record.
I keep secrets for a living.
I-I didn't mean
to keep them from you.
Three months ago. I didn't know
half of what I know now.
Jane...
I'm doing the right thing.
The data that I took.
it's not proprietary.
It shouldn't be.
It's the truth we know.
And WARDEX doesn't own it
any more than they can own
air or light.
What I stole.
it belongs
to eight billion people.
the whole wide world.
And I'm a part of it now.
I'm just sorry that...
that they made you
a part of it. too.
[sniffles]
MARGARET [over speaker]:
You know. and all that warm.
moist air that's been
hanging around.
it is gonna smash
into this cold front
swooping down from the north.
It is gonna shove that warm air
all the way up
through the troposphere.
[laughing]: It's gonna
mass-condense it like crazy.
And if that formation
goes high enough.
it'll super cool the water vapor.
We're gonna get my favorite
precipitation of all time.
Mia. I have to. I have to.
I'm sorry. I can't.
I can't stop.
It's hail.
Weather Shimmy!
SHEA: Hey! The Weather Shimmy.
MIA: We haven't seen
that move in a while.
MARGARET: Well. the weather
hasn't exactly given me
anything to dance about lately.
you know what I mean?
-[Jackson laughing]
-MIA: I don't know if I want
-exciting weather.
-[Margaret laughs over speaker]
MARGARET:
Just let your hair down.
SHEA: No. thanks. I'll take
a nice. boring 72 degrees
-and sunny day anytime.
-MARGARET: Fine. no more.
Weather Shimmies
for you. then. Shea.
-MIA: Oh!
-MARGARET: That is it. Nope. Done.
SHEA:
Can't take Weather Shimmy away.
It's my favorite thing
in the world.
MIA: Hey. you could start
a dance craze with that.
SHEA:
You know. I hear there can be
big money in those.
-Asked you not to watch those.
-It's great.
-Don't even.
-The Weather Shimmy is hot.
-[chuckles]
-You gonna keep it?
-Yeah. you like that. huh?
I do. I do.
You know what?
So will everybody else.
It wouldn't be so condescending.
'cause I think
the only thing that you really
got wrong was the weather.
I don't know. just. uh...
doesn't look like hail to me.
Did you watch the thing
I sent you?
What thing?
The audition.
Oh. shit.
Yes. no. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I just... I forgot.
[stammering]: I'll watch it now.
Okay. but listen.
Gunther taped it for me.
all right?
And the anchors edit
their own copy at KCXE.
so I wrote it myself.
-Just bear it in mind. okay?
-Okay. [muttering]
This is Margaret Fairchild
at KCXE 4 Kansas City.
Reports from Pyongyang
took a worrying turn
as KPA dissidents seized
four more military bases
east of the Nakdonggang River.
including two
with nuclear capability.
At the same time. Russian
state television reiterated
its starkest threats yet
to Seoul.
regarding the massing of
its forces at the 38th parallel.
In the North.
Vice Marshal Pak Myong-sun
now claims full control
of at least...
It's good.
It's good. That's really good.
-You're really... It's so good.
-Really?
Yeah. it's really good.
You're-you're... you're good.
You're always good. I'm serious.
Look. it's just.
I love what you're doing now.
You know? You got weather power.
You got KCXE weather hair on.
and. you know.
it's like. "K Sexy."
I think we should move.
Again?
-Yep.
-Okay. You just wallpapered
the bedroom in a rented loft.
and you want to move again.
-MARGARET: I know.
-Where-where do you want to move now?
I don't know. just. like.
bigger market. bigger city.
We were in Dallas last year.
-That's not a bigger market?
-Dallas is...
Dallas didn't feel right.
didn't...
I don't know. I just don't think
Dallas is where
I was supposed to be.
Well. then... okay. like. where
are you supposed to be. Maggie?
[Margaret sighs]
I'm gonna know when I get there.
I am.
Honey.
Can't you just sit still
for. like. one minute?
Okay.
Look.
-I'm good here.
-I know.
Okay? Like. I'm in the flow.
I get to play my own stuff.
I don't have to DJ anymore.
I just got Wednesdays
and Saturdays down at McFeely's.
The answer to every problem is
not just to pack up the U-Haul.
[wings fluttering]
[bird chirping]
Look. look. look.
[chuckles]
JACKSON [laughing]: Wow.
[laughing]: Oh... oh. my God.
[taking deep breath]
♪♪
[laughing]: That's crazy.
All right. go. Shoo.
Get out of here.
Go. Shoo. Out of here.
[chuckles]
Gutsy little bird. huh?
-Mag. you okay?
-[footsteps approaching]
-Hey. Mag. you okay? You okay?
-[groans softly]
Are you all right?
[speaking Russian]
-Uh...
-New York...
[continues in Russian]
Chicago.
Where did you learn...
[continues in Russian]
Mag.
Okay. [laughs]
All right. wow. Okay. Maggie.
Okay. stop. stop. stop. stop.
-[continues in Russian]
-Okay. stop.
-Stop it! Stop!
-[gasps]
What the hell was that?
What do you mean?
Is it Russian.
or is it Polish or something
-for. like. a story?
-I'm not following you. sweetie.
Was that what you were
learning yester...
What do you mean?
We're just talking about it.
Wh-When did you learn Russian?
[laughing]: Russian?
I don't know.
Ooh. Oh. God. I got to go.
I'm late.
I'm on live at 7:23.
I got moved up.
-Oh. Okay.
-Okay.
Let's just talk about it later.
okay? I need my shoes.
Well. uh. we can talk
about it now and...
-Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
-Oh. my God. - Like. if you...
- if you want to get
your purse. here. - Oh. Mm!
-It's okay. It's all okay.
-Yeah.
We can...
we can discuss it. okay?
-Okay. yeah.
-I love you.
Love you. too.
-Bye.
-Okay.
["The Sweet Escape" by
Gwen Stefani ft. Akon playing]
♪ Woo-hoo. yee-hoo ♪
-[engine starts]
-♪ Woo-hoo ♪
♪ Yee-hoo ♪
-[tires squealing]
-♪ Woo-hoo. yee-hoo ♪
♪ Woo-hoo ♪
-♪ Yee-hoo ♪
-♪ If I could escape ♪
[singing along]: ♪ I would.
but first of all. let me say ♪
♪ I must apologize
for acting stank ♪
♪ And treating you this way.
'cause I've been acting like ♪
-♪ Sour milk all on the floor ♪
-[siren whooping]
♪ It's your fault. you didn't
shut the refrigerator... ♪
Oh. shoot.
♪ If I could escape ♪
♪ And re-create a place
that's my own world... ♪
-[music shuts off]
-[tires squeal]
[indistinct
police radio chatter]
Sorry. don't blame me.
Blame the music. I'm so sorry.
Go ahead and turn your engine
off for me. please.
Sure. yeah. You know how it is.
Like. it's a fun song.
it's a beautiful day.
you just sing along.
you go too fast and...
License and registration.
Absolutely.
[seat belt clicks]
Here's that.
Here's...
There you go.
Go ahead and take your license
out of your wallet. please.
Sure. Yeah.
It's an old picture.
Just go ahead and step out
of the car. please.
Um. is...
is that totally necessary?
It's just. for my job.
I have to be
exactly on the dot.
like. to the minute.
-'cause we go on...
-I get it.
I know who you are.
The weather can wait.
Just step out
of the car for me. please.
Sir. I...
I don't want
to have to ask you again.
Oh. you're just having
a bad day.
What?
-She didn't mean it.
-Who?
Anna. Those things she said
to you this morning.
she didn't mean it.
It just kind of came out.
It's hard.
She's up all night
with the baby.
How do you know...
Go get her
the red velvet cupcakes.
It's a good idea... with
the purple sprinkles on them.
And then tonight you go
to Neptune's Table.
you order the lobster.
you do that funny thing
with the claws.
That always makes her laugh.
It's good. it's good.
You don't regret
having the baby.
Nothing like your dad.
Stop telling yourself that.
You know the card
with the dancing angels on it?
It's nice. It's beautiful.
Just don't go writing
the big apology inside.
She doesn't need it.
She just needs a nap.
She needs a nap.
and you could do with one. too.
Do you think I could go now?
Thank you.
[seat belt clicks]
[engine starts]
What the fu...
[indistinct
police radio chatter]
Global tensions are near
a breaking point
as both American
and Russian strategic bombers
have reportedly flown
to their fail-safe points.
ready to proceed
with strike orders if given.
In a rare public statement.
the Pentagon confirmed
that the United States
has raised
its defense readiness condition
to DEFCON 2.
Colonel Susan Ramirez issued
a stark message earlier today:
"We are in the most dangerous
hours our nation has faced
since the 1962 Cuban Missile..."
[tires squealing]
[engine shuts off]
Oh. God.
-You're really late.
-I know. I know.
It's not my fault.
MIA [over speaker]:
Here at home. there's been
a surge of residents
fleeing areas
near key military installations.
including...
-Clay. I know. No.
-Wow. Very generous of you
to show up three minutes
before you're on.
It could not be avoided.
This cop...
No. you know what
can't be avoided?
-Pulled me over.
-Deadlines.
I know. I understand.
I'm so sorry.
If we say. "Now here's Margaret
Fairchild with the weather..."
-Right.
-and we cut to you and there's no you.
-that's the deadline problem.
-Total disaster. It's just.
- the weirdest thing just
happened to me. - Can I just...
-I need to...
-Up. up. up.
Let's do it on the run. Come on.
-Move. move. move. move. move.
-Okay. Okay. give me my shoes.
-We're in crisis mode.
-Okay.
Your segment's cut
to 90 seconds.
Then you throw to Shea for the
governor's "remain calm" thing.
-Mm-hmm.
-Then network takes it back early.
This cop pulled me over. and I
don't even know what happened.
I just started talking.
and the words were just coming
out. and I was just like...
-[babbling]
-Yeah. tell me at the break.
- But. like.
he knew what it meant. - No. no. you know what?
-Tell me never.
-Okay.
And if someday you want to even
be considered
for weekend anchor.
-don't do this to me again.
-Don't say that.
-Who is that?
-DaeSeong Park.
Visiting fellow at the Korean
Studies Institute at U of M.
-Oh. gosh. why is he so upset?
-'Cause he's Korean.
Are you not following anything?
90 seconds.
Margaret. come on. This way.
It's time for you
to go to the police.
Someone has to stop him.
Maria needs you.
Do it now. Do it now.
INTERPRETER:
He's saying that the actions
of North Korea are
understandable and...
PARK: No. no. Excuse me.
-[speaking Korean]
-MARGARET: No. no. no. no. No.
"Recognizable."
"Recognizable." he said.
[speaking Korean]
[conversing in Korean]
-Predictable.
-Predictable. Yeah.
-[Park continues in Korean]
-Yes. He's saying...
No. he's saying
the actions are not justified.
They're only familiar.
There's this escalation.
It follows a pattern.
You know. it follows a pattern.
It's not. um...
he's not endorsing aggression.
It's a very important
distinction.
Sorry. the words
are just kind of close.
It's okay. I think
you just didn't hear him.
Since when do you speak Korean?
Speak Korean? What?
For God's sake. you're on in 15.
Okay. I know. I know. I know.
Stalled front from the northwest
is gonna move through
-metro area mid afternoon.
-Uh-huh.
Rapid temp drops.
heavy rain. maybe hail.
Stay weather-aware.
et cetera. et cetera.
-FLOOR MANAGER: Five seconds.
-TECH: It's all loaded in.
MIA: Let's go to Margaret
Fairchild with the forecast.
and she'll tell us
what's in store for us today.
-Margaret.
-Thanks. Mia.
And good morning. Kansas City.
[chuckling]:
Let's take a look at today...
[breathing heavily]
Let's... let's...
let's take a look at today.
W-We're gonna... we're gonna
take a look at today. Today...
today is...
T-T-Today is... today...
T-Today is...
[speaking unintelligibly]
[clicks tongue.
makes hissing sound]
[speaking unintelligibly]
[Margaret clicking tongue]
[clicking tongue rapidly]
-[mouthing]
-[whispers]: Get off her.
-Get off her. Cut away.
-Okay. Take it to camera three.
Take it to camera three. Go.
You got to take it. Take it.
Okay. Clearly some troubles
with the maps
and the. uh. forecast
and our sound.
Let us work on that.
because we know
you need your weather news
this morning.
-[Margaret clicking tongue]
-We'll take a short break.
and when we come back. we'll
find out if you need to take
your umbrella or your sunscreen
with you tomorrow.
-Stay with us.
-[breath trembling]
-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
-Margaret.
-Margaret. Margaret!
-Call an ambulance!
-Get some water.
-Hey. hey. hey!
-Margaret!
Everybody. back up. please!
-[horn honking]
-Oh. shit.
[panting]
You're safe here.
Soon as I'm out from under this.
I'm coming back.
I promise you.
I am coming back for you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Hell of a day to sleep in.
you know that?
Sorry. Sorry.
Get back inside.
This is the safest place
you can be.
At some point soon. I'll say.
"Danny. it's time
you tell me everything."
And you will tell me everything.
What are we waiting for?
Let's go.
[engine starts]
Hugo. what do we do now?
How long do I have to
hold on to this?
HUGO [over phone]: You're in
good hands with Santiago.
He knows exactly where
he's taking you.
Down!
WARDEX. Clear.
They're out here looking for me.
How am I supposed
to keep us alive?
HUGO: Santiago is taking you
to a safe house.
When you arrive.
you can check back in with me.
[line clicks]
SCANLON:
General Dobbs. you have learned
what we know when we know it.
far in excess
of our reporting obligations.
Let-let's get
an Azimuth Check here.
This is the most significant
security lapse
-in your organization's history.
-It's a catastrophe.
DoD has significant IRR
that we can deploy immediately.
That is a mistake. Do not open
the aperture on this.
-Operational overlap...
-There are 12.000 FBI field agents
-at our disposal.
-Is a terrible idea!
I don't know why
we don't utilize them.
The last thing we need is
12.000 under informed Feds
stomping around and calling
attention to themselves.
so please stay in your lane.
If we need the full
battle rattle. I'll call you.
Sorry to interrupt.
This just hit social media.
A TV news broadcast
from Kansas City. Missouri.
It's out there now.
[Margaret clicking tongue
on video]
Who is she?
Local weather lady at KCXE 4.
Kansas City. Missouri.
Margaret Fairchild. 38.
born Cerritos. California.
never married. no children.
bachelor's degree
in broadcasting.
Do we have a dialect sample
in the archives?
Yes.
And it matched.
-What do you want to do?
-Find her before Hugo does.
Who do we have on the ground
in Kansas City?
I'm on it.
MRI TECH: Okay. Margaret.
we're gonna get started.
Test is gonna be really noisy.
so I'm gonna give you
this ball in your hand
in case if you need me
throughout the test.
Squeeze it any time
you need to stop. okay?
-Okay. yeah.
-Keep your eyes closed. okay?
I'll be speaking to you
the entire time
-you're in there. okay?
-MARGARET: Okay.
MRI TECH:
And here we go. You're going in.
-How are you doing?
-MARGARET: I'm fine.
[engine revving]
[truck departing]
[birds chirping]
[sighs]
♪♪
[gasps softly]
Oh. look.
Look. look. look.
Are you okay?
They're just deer.
It's that stare.
It's like...
It's like they're scared.
but they're not.
They're bold.
but they run when you reach
for your camera.
It's time. Danny.
What is going on?
You wouldn't believe me
if I told you.
So I'm gonna show you.
Your MRI is normal.
No strokes or masses.
So. it's not neoplastic.
and there's no infarction.
You didn't find anything?
Most people would find that
reassuring.
Well. I just...
What's going on with me?
That just doesn't make sense.
Well. have you been under
a lot of stress lately?
No. No.
I mean. today.
but not before today.
Your father had Parkinson's?
Are you saying
that's what it is?
No. no. no. Not necessarily.
But at what age was onset?
He was 46. 47.
I was a teenager
when he died. and...
Are they watching us?
Who are those guys?
They're with the FBI.
They have some questions for you
after we're finished here.
MARGARET:
How do you know they're FBI?
They showed identification.
They're not FBI.
Ms. Fairchild...
have you ever sought counseling
for the traumatic event
that happened
when you were a child?
I don't remember it.
I was ten years old.
Do you have nightmares
related to the event?
No.
A-All the time. All the time.
Uh. it's the same dream
about butterflies
and a "Hansel and Gretel" house
in the woods.
Um. and also. she sings
in her sleep sometimes.
-No. I don't do that.
-Little kids' songs.
-I don't do that. Do I do that?
-You do. You do. You do.
-She does.
-[knocking at door]
-Excuse me a minute.
-What are you doing?
-She needs the in for... What?
-How could you do...
-They need the information.
-How could you tell them
the one thing I never told
anyone but you?
You didn't tell me much
about it. I don't know.
Because I don't remember it.
and then you tell
a complete stranger
that I sing in my sleep.
I mean. do I speak Korean
in my sleep. too?
They're not strangers.
They're doctors.
You pull your pants down
in front of them.
You tell them stuff.
That's how it works.
What the hell is the FBI
doing here?
♪♪
Kellner. Daniel Kellner.
Daniel Kellner.
-Uh...
-Do you know who that is?
Uh. um. that's Dr. Coleman.
Who's Daniel Kellner?
I don't know. but those guys
wish he was dead.
What?
Act like I need help
getting to the bathroom.
-Okay?
-Do you?
Can you just roll with it.
Jackson? My God.
All right. hang on. Yeah.
Hi. Uh. she needs to use
the bathroom.
-I just need the bathroom.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Good.
-Okay? Okay?
Okay. Good. Okay.
All right. let's. um...
Just. can we talk about it
for a second?
-Uh. hey. Mag. can we talk?
-Oh. perfect.
All right. can we just
slow down for one minute?
I just want to. uh. talk to you
about what you're doing.
Maggie. Maggie. Maggie.
-Maggie. what are you doing?
-Getting dressed.
-We're leaving. We're leaving.
-What?
-Got to go. Got to go.
-Got to go.
-What are you talk...
-Oh. God. I'm so sorry.
-Hi. Uh...
-Excuse me.
-What do you mean?
-You mean busting out?
-Yep.
-Wh-What's wrong with you?
-What's wrong is I have
a very uncooperative
boyfriend right...
-Oh. you got to be kidding me.
-What? What did I do?
You know exactly
what I'm talking about.
What did I do? Maggie.
Shoes. Shoes. shoes.
Yeah. sure.
-Here.
-Thank you.
How's it going?
♪♪
WARDEX?
Stands for Waived Reporting
Development and Extraction.
Of what?
Homestead Air Force Base
in Florida. 1973.
Who's the guy with Nixon?
Big TV star in the '50s.
Nixon wanted to impress him.
♪♪
Are they children?
No.
Are they... people?
Are they human?
This next part's hard to watch.
It's what Hugo showed me
that got me into this.
Okay?
Okay.
[taps key]
MED TECH 1 [on video]:
We're gonna need vitals.
-We've got no baseline.
-[overlapping chatter on video]
MED TECH 2: Pulse ox can't read.
-No standard landmarks...
-MED TECH 3: Ketamine?
-Four to six milligrams?
-SCANLON: No more sedatives.
I want baseline
stress data first.
MED TECH 4: Shift your grip.
Secure the ankles.
-[clicking vocalizations]
-Stabilize head and right arm.
[shrieks]
[distressed shrieking. clicking]
MED TECH 3:
Head's moving too much.
I need a padded restraint.
SCANLON: I have it.
I need cerebrospinal fluid.
Advance the needle
18 centimeters.
-ventral to the medulla.
-[shuddering breaths]
MED TECH 1: It's in distress.
Administering Propofol.
SCANLON:
Negative. No anesthesia.
We lost one that way. Do it now.
Insert it now.
[pained shrieking]
[shrieking stops]
[shuddering breaths]
There's more.
79 years more.
I have all of it.
[whirring]
[electronic trilling]
[buzzing]
Hugo is the only one
who had a relationship with it.
and he knew what he was doing
with that thing.
Pull up Kellner's data.
Give me the device.
BOYD: If systolic goes below 90
like last time.
I'm pulling you out.
MED TECH:
Watch for tachyarrhythmia.
-subdural hemorrhage.
-MED TECH 2: Copy.
[monitor beeping]
[quiet chatter]
♪♪
[beeping growing faster]
[whimpers]
[yells. groans]
I'm fine. I'm fine!
What happened?
I had focus. gave myself over.
saw Kellner for a split second.
then...
sledgehammer. whiteout.
Sucked all the air
out of my lungs.
Is he an experiencer?
You can't dive on them.
He can't have been.
I'd have known.
He's Hugo's guy.
There's gonna be a whole lot
we don't know.
Maybe. but I'm not going
back in there to find out.
Pull the data on the girlfriend.
There have been retrieval
programs of exotic craft.
Interrogation
of nonhuman biologics.
Reverse engineering
and technology exploitation.
All of it...
run by WARDEX.
the Department of Defense
and the defense industry.
It has the highest level
of military
and private sector
classification
in American history.
[wind howling outside]
They've run it
since the early '70s
without government funding.
Too many tax dollars
to try and hide.
and-and off-world artifacts
are too profitable
to leave in the hands
of appointed officials.
especially after
the Nixon thing.
Presidents are civilians again
after eight years. so...
so there's no longer a reason
to read them in on any of this.
I was a part of all that
until I saw what you just saw.
This all stops now.
What are you gonna do?
Full disclosure
to the whole world all at once.
Have you considered
what effect that'll have?
On everything?
What...
It's not up to me
to decide if it's...
if it's good or bad
for people to know.
Then how is it up to you
to decide that the right to know
outweighs the consequences
of knowing?
Are you saying
we leave this up to WARDEX?
'Cause they-they've already
decided this belongs to them.
this core truth
about the universe.
-It's wrong.
-You can't do that.
Think about...
People will see them as deities.
-They'll stop believing in God.
-[scoffs]
Well. you left the church.
Not because I stopped believing.
because I could no longer say
with certainty
that God is divine.
but I believe profoundly
that he's essential.
He's how we define ourselves.
He's what keeps
whole civilizations together.
We've been raised to believe
in a supreme being.
and now you want to show us
actual supreme beings?
People can't handle both.
Of course they can.
No. they can't.
Look at our history
with any sudden change.
And now. with the world about
to blow up in all our faces?
You'll get panic and-and chaos.
and God help us.
Hugo's expecting me to check in.
No signal.
I'll try the other side
of the hill.
[door opens and closes]
[Jackson grunting. panting]
[thunder rumbling]
-Okay.
-[knocking]
-Unlock the door!
-[engine starts]
-What?
-Jackson. come on!
-[lock clicks]
-Oh. shit. Sorry.
Oh. sorry. sorry.
-Okay.
-Oh. my God.
[phone ringing]
[Jackson stammers]
If you answer that in French.
I swear to God
I'm marching you
right back inside.
Hello?
HUGO [over phone]: I've been
waiting a very long time
to meet you. Ms. Fairchild.
Who is this?
A friend.
And if I'm right about you.
Margaret.
you'd know if I wasn't.
No. I don't... I don't know you
any more than I know
what's happening to me.
HUGO: Very few people could
manage this as well as you.
-I'm not managing it. I'm not.
-Who-who is that?
I am frightened.
I'm frightened out of my wits.
Because you're just a passenger
on your way somewhere.
-Let us help you get there.
-Help me how?
What do you mean?
-Is that the FBI?
-Shh!
HUGO: We want to offer you
our protection.
We held back on reaching out
until after we saw
your weather report.
You held back?
What do you mean?
What does that mean?
Are you gonna need a lawyer?
Who is 873-2626?
Since you know that number.
you must already know
who it belongs to.
Kellner?
All right.
Listen carefully.
You cannot go home.
If you have another direction
in mind.
even a vague inclination.
follow it.
If we can find you by phone.
others can
-find you in the world.
-No. it's too late.
They...
Uh. they already found me.
Hang up immediately.
Destroy your phone.
How will you find me?
I have every confidence
you'll find us.
Do it now.
Wait. wait. What are you...
Wh-What are you doing?!
Back up over the phone.
-What?
-Back up!
-Come on.
-Okay. I'd like to point out that I'm being
extremely cool here
and that I'm rolling with it.
and that was a $600 phone.
Well. it's still a $600 phone
'cause you missed it.
Jackson. pull forward
till you hear the crunch.
-Come on.
-Sorry.
Oh. my God. you missed it again.
Oh. my God.
-Okay. [mutters]
-What?
Okay.
Pull forward. Go. go. go.
Keep going. Keep going.
Okay. Okay.
-Okay. let's go. Let's go.
-Uh... wh-where?
-North.
-Why?
Because that's where
Daniel Kellner is.
Oh. my God. [stammering]
Who is this dude?
Is he some guy from your past
-that you never told me about?
-I don't know. Jackson.
-Or what is it?
-You're giving me a headache.
I don't know
what I'm doing here.
I don't know who he is.
I just know
he's someplace north.
-That's all I know. okay?
-[hailstones clacking]
Oh. my God. What is that sound?
-Your hailstorm.
-Wow.
Weather Shimmy?
Just drive. Just drive.
[electronic trilling. beeping]
♪♪
[sighs]
[electronic warbling]
[crate thuds on table]
You got Kellner on 2626.
Look at the video
I just sent you.
DANIEL [over phone]:
Okay. hold on.
[Margaret clicking tongue
on video]
Yeah. So?
She's the one
we've been waiting for.
DANIEL: Her? Why?
Did you not hear her?
DANIEL: Yeah. I heard her.
And you still ask why?
"Don't be afraid
of what you don't know"?
That's all she had to say?
"Don't be afraid
of what you don't know"?
That's what she said?
You didn't hear it?
We all heard it.
We couldn't understand it.
It's not English.
[chuckling]: Of course it is.
I'm listening to it right now.
I'm sending you to Kansas City.
where she's from.
-We'll get a car to you.
-Leave tonight. - Hey. wait.
-Wait a second. Wait a second.
-Do not travel by day.
You're not hearing it?
It's-it's perfectly clear.
Detour past tollbooths
and turnpikes.
DANIEL: Hey. listen to me.
Have you played this
to other people?
Stay with me.
A motel room key will be
in the car with directions.
Santiago will retrieve you
in the morning.
By then. I'll know
what comes next.
Hugo. you're scaring
the shit out of me.
There are two of you. Daniel.
There's always been
just the two of you.
[rustling]
♪♪
[breathing heavily]
[pills rattling]
[gasping]
[trembling breaths]
[exhales slowly]
[trembling breaths continue]
[whirring]
♪♪
[muffled shattering]
[glass shards clinking]
♪♪
-[hands clap]
-[gasps]
[sharp. heavy breathing]
[praying in Latin]
♪♪
Hello. Jane.
Please.
Have a seat.
Where are you right now. Jane?
What is your location?
-I don't know.
-Relax. please.
-Who are you?
-I'll ask the questions.
Are you still with
Daniel Kellner?
He's outside.
Where were you last night?
[breath trembling]
[snarls]
[panting]
-BP's high but holding: 156/94.
-O2's decent at 96.
-but sodium's climbing.
-Heart rate's hot. too... 118.
-Potassium's borderline. too.
-Jane!
-Stand by. Ringer's.
-[gasps]
Where were you last night?
Monastery of St. Clare
of the Dawn.
Monastery St. Clare?
Of course.
I remember St. Clare
from my Sunday school.
She was too sick to go
to midnight Mass.
and she had a vision
of it instead.
She was in two places at once.
like me.
Monastery of St. Clare. Got it.
13 miles southeast
of the District.
When you left.
which way did you drive?
[Jane's breath trembling]
I don't know.
Was the sun up?
Yes.
Did you drive into it
or away from it?
It was on the right.
I don't like you.
Not required.
Sun on the right.
Sun on the right...
they're headed due north.
possibly northwest.
Could be on 27. 18
or the interstate.
Interstate not likely.
Focus on frontage roads
or county highways.
Did you pass a street sign?
JANE: Yes.
What did it say?
[breath continues trembling]
"Silver Spring: 120 miles."
Street sign.
AGENT: I've got half
a dozen towns off the 26.
Silver Hollow. Oakshade.
Ironmere. Stonemont...
Try for more details. Jane.
What else did you pass?
[breath continues trembling]
A river.
Passed a river.
Did you see a sign for a town
after that?
-Yes.
-What did it say?
[whimpering]
S-Sykesville.
-Sykesville.
Field is narrowed.
Track and converge.
Charlie 27. take the lead.
You're four miles out.
Maintain maximum legal speed.
How soon after you saw the sign
did you make a turn?
-A few minutes.
-Few minutes.
Did you turn right or left?
-Right.
Do you remember
the name of the road?
No.
Do you remember anything
about the road?
[breath continues trembling]
[whirring]
[breath stops trembling]
It was a dirt road.
Dirt road.
Ash Hollow Road.
three and a quarter miles
outside Sykesville. dead end.
Farmhouse at the end.
And found it.
Ash Hollow Road.
Target is a farmhouse.
[tires squealing]
You've done very well. Jane.
A service to your country.
But I have to ask you
one more thing.
If we can't find Daniel
or we miss him again.
you may need
to stop him yourself
any way you can.
[cries out in pain]
Hang on. BP just tanked.
88 on 62.
Uh. heart rate's dropping...
down to 59.
-Uh. O2 is 93 and falling. 91.
-[Scanlon coughing]
[breathing deeply]
92 on 60 and holding.
O2's still dropping. though.
-Let's start bagging.
-[monitor beeping rapidly]
Make sure you secure the airway.
-[air pumping]
-High 80s. Keep going.
Get away!
-[breathing heavily]
-[beeping slows]
Jane.
What Daniel is trying to do
is wrong.
It's dangerous.
It would tip the balance in
an already destabilized world.
JANE: Yes.
Jane. could you stop him
if you had to?
No. No.
"Father. if you be willing.
"let this cup pass me by.
Yet not as I will.
but as you will."
And what did Christ say next?
"By my will.
thine will be done."
If the moment comes.
I'll be with you.
and you'll act. Jane.
out of love for Daniel.
out of love for the human race.
Now look around the room.
Slowly.
Left to right.
Stop there.
Get up.
Walk to the counter.
♪♪
Pull out the chopping knife.
Give me your phone!
-Oh. shit! What?
-Give me your phone.
Jackson. come on. come on.
come on. give me your phone.
Give me your phone.
-Okay. hold on. hold on!
-Come on!
Why? So you can throw it
out the window again?
[phone ringing]
Hey. Hugo. why am I
the only one...
-Daniel Kellner.
-Oh. my God. Daniel Kellner.
MARGARET [over phone]:
They know where you are.
They know. Do you understand?
Who is this?
Do not go back to the house.
Scan-Scanlon dove on Jane.
Does that mean anything to you?
-Okay. Give me your...
-Look. they found you.
I don't know who you are.
and I don't know who they are.
but they're gonna kill you.
-Give me the phone.
-They are gonna kill you both.
-Give me my phone!
-You need to leave.
Give me my phone. Maggie!
Give me my phone! Oh. my God!
I'm so done
with your crazy shit!
[line clicks]
[panting]
[vehicles approaching]
[Daniel breathing heavily]
[softly]: Okay. Okay.
[birds chirping]
[panting]
[vehicle door opens]
[grunts]
[vehicle door closes]
[indistinct chatter]
[car door opens]
Okay.
[engine starts]
What am I doing?
What am I doing? Okay.
-What am I doing?
-What am I doing? - Hold it!
What am I doing? What am I
doing? What am I doing? - Stop!
-Hey! He's in the car!
-Watch out. watch out. watch out!
-What am I doing?
-[engine revving]
AGENT: Shoot the tires!
It's him! It's him!
Watch out!
[indistinct shouting]
[gunfire]
AGENT: Go for the tires!
[panting]
Oh. shit.
[engines revving in distance]
[tires squealing]
What am I doing?
What am I doing? What am I...
-Hands up!
-Stop!
Get him!
Get out! Now!
-Get out of the car!
-[engine revving]
Let me see your hands! Hands up!
-Hands up!
-[tires squealing]
♪♪
[breathing heavily]
[engines revving]
[Daniel grunts]
Get your seat belt on!
Jane!
Jane.
[engines revving]
[breathing heavily]
[whimpering]
[heavy. shaky breathing]
[straining]
[grunts]
[whimpering. straining]
-[screams]
-[cries out in pain]
[breathing heavily]
[indistinct chatter]
-He's seizing. Stretch him out.
-Watch his head.
-I need a bite block.
♪♪
[grunts]
[gun fires]
Get down!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
[tires squealing]
[gasps]
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
Look. Jane. it wasn't you.
It wasn't you.
It was Scanlon.
The device. The device.
Roll him on three.
One. two. three. go.
What the hell just happened?
-Secure the device!
-I got it. I got it.
I'm gloved. I'm gloved.
[tires squeal]
[engine revving]
Look behind us!
Tell me what you see!
Dust. I see dust.
They're coming! They're coming!
Stop. stop. stop. stop!
[tires squealing]
[rocks clattering]
[panting]
Run!
JANE: Wait!
-What are you doing?
-Put it in drive!
[urgent chatter]
-You see them?
-You got a visual?
-Anybody got eyes on anything?
-They must have gone over.
Requesting underwater search
and recovery
-on site right now.
-They're down. They're down.
They're down.
They're in the water.
Can we get a team down there
and see if we can find them?
-We need some divers.
-Down there.
[chatter continues indistinctly]
[horns honking]
[panicked chatter]
They all think
the world's going to hell.
Got to get going now.
Jackson. okay?
Daniel Kellner's gonna be there.
Not right now.
but he will be soon.
-We got to go north.
-No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
-Got to go north right now.
-No. we need to...
- We need to go back
to the hospital. - No. no. no. Jack.
This is not something you
get treated for. It's not...
You know what's wrong with you.
is that you think there's
something wrong with me.
Look at me. Look at me.
If I moved. you'd stay.
-What?
-Kansas City.
You want me to move.
You're gonna stay.
[sighs]
You know. this thing
that's happening. it's...
[takes deep breath]
It's not coming from me.
It's like I'm just a passenger.
That's not a bad thing.
It's. like. a really good thing.
-It's like your music.
-Uh-huh.
You know when you're
in the flow?
And it just feels...
I'm in the flow.
Okay.
And I told you I'd tell you
when I get where
I'm supposed to be. and...
this is it.
-Okay.
-Right here.
-It's where I'm supposed to be.
-Okay.
S-So...
we need to go north because
that's where Daniel Kellner is?
Sorry. No. He's east.
-Oh. And...
-He's east now.
How do you know that it's east?
It's just. I have
this vague inclination.
But he's east now.
He's somewhere east.
And where is "somewhere"?
You want me to drive?
I need a water.
[entry bell jingling]
Hey.
Hello. Hi.
Hi. Um...
Will you do me a favor?
-Dr. Coleman?
-[lively chatter]
Uh. uh. yes. yes. Thank you.
thank you for taking the call.
Uh. I-I don't know.
She just took off. and y-y-yes.
it's getting worse. much worse.
Yes. please. Thank you.
Yes. Hold on one second.
Excuse me. sir.
Do you know the address
around here?
37 Pearl Street. Decatur.
We'll be here. Thank you.
[entry bell jingling]
BOY: Hey. mister.
She said to say she loves you.
but she's going east.
Why Kansas City?
Best to focus on
getting you there tomorrow.
DANIEL [panting]: Hugo. I'm...
Uh. it's coming back to me.
Things are coming back to me.
What things?
Animals.
Friendly. terrifying animals
looking at me.
And you can't look away
no matter how hard you try?
No. no.
They have to look away first.
Is this a memory or a dream?
I can't tell anymore.
[shower water running]
HUGO: Daniel?
Daniel.
It wasn't your idea
to recruit me. was it?
Not just for this but-but
to WARDEX in the first place.
No. it wasn't.
And there was a reason?
A specific reason
why you wanted me?
Other than your prodigious gift
for numbers? Yes.
You decided to keep
all of this to yourself?
Because I care about you.
Because you have a job to do.
And nothing can get
in the way of that.
There's parts of me...
from when I was a kid
that I should be able to know.
and I don't.
They're just gone.
I'm so scared.
You don't need to be.
You have me and someone else.
And when the time is right.
everything will become clear.
Daniel. there's a place
you'll need to be
in the morning without fail.
There will be no other day
like tomorrow.
Where do you need me to go?
KCXE?
What's KCXE?
Danny. I'm gonna ask you
to do something.
[Margaret speaking indistinctly
on video]
I want you first
to look at this.
[Margaret speaking
unintelligibly on video]
Do you understand
what she's saying?
I hear her. It-it's gibberish.
I can't understand it.
Okay. I-I just heard this
for the first time.
and I can.
-It's English.
-English?
I mean. it's-it's math
turned English in my head.
translated into words.
When I look at this.
I hear this.
[Margaret clicking tongue
on video]
Danny. I'm gonna ask you
to do something.
You can't trust me anymore.
-[insects chirping]
-[sign creaking]
[gasps softly]
[hisses in pain]
[sighs]
[whimpers]
♪♪
-[breathing heavily]
-[monitor beeping steadily]
Got him.
[groans]
[engine revving]
[engines revving]
[tires squealing]
[Daniel gasping]
[urgent chatter]
-They're here.
-[gasps]
-What?
-Take that end.
-Go. go. go.
[panting]
-The backpack. The backpack!
-You first.
[urgent chatter continues]
Come on.
This is all I've got.
You're coming. right?
-[banging at door]
-Shit.
Breach! Here!
[urgent chatter]
-No. come on. come on. come on.
-You got to take this.
[urgent chatter continues]
And for God's sake. Jane.
don't touch what's inside.
Go. Go.
[urgent chatter continues]
-[grunting]
-Get out of there!
Get on the ground!
They're burned.
[breathing heavily]
[agents shouting indistinctly
in distance]
It's not here.
Where's the device?
[sighs]
[jet engine whirring]
♪♪
SCANLON:
You've been misled. Daniel.
We can talk another time
about how hurtful
all this has been to me.
but here we are.
The archive's safe.
And now you're going
to tell me the name
of every confederate at WARDEX
and what exactly
Hugo's operation is planning.
But first.
without all this nonsense...
you're going to tell me
what you did with the device.
[tires squealing]
♪♪
[tires squeal]
The hell do you think
you're doing driving like that?
You are Agent Thomas Farley.
Your ten-digit I.D. code is
3893398887.
What's the day code?
Kentucky filly.
[tires squealing]
-Agent Grady?
-Yes. ma'am.
Kentucky filly.
Mr. Scanlon sent for me.
Follow me.
[engine shuts off]
♪♪
You're her.
Margaret Fairchild.
Jocelyn.
[gasps]
[grunting]
Leave her!
Stand down.
I know you.
I know you. too.
There's two coming out.
Don't allow them off the base.
Hey. Hey. Hey. back inside.
MARGARET: I've waited
too long to tell you.
and now it's too late.
But I loved you like my own son.
Stop. Stop. Stop.
They said we could go up
to the lake on Friday.
and-and Grandma and Grandpa
will be there.
and-and Uncle Howard and Bobby
and Teresa and everybody.
♪♪
How do you know these people?
MARGARET: I don't.
You were just talking to them.
I don't understand
what's happening.
MARGARET: Just get in!
-What did you see?
-[engine starts]
My wife.
My God.
What is she?
Unstoppable.
♪♪
[beeping]
DANIEL: Where are you taking us?
MARGARET: Kansas City.
DANIEL: Why there?
-I have to.
-You don't have to go so...
-Yeah. uh. yeah. I do.
-Uh. you're enjoying this.
Yeah. I mean. it-it feels good.
It feels good. and then...
Yeah. but-but... but you know.
You know.
I mean. you've been driving
like a maniac
the last few days. you know.
-How do you know that?
-I just know things.
It's just. something happened
to me a couple of days ago.
and now I-I know things.
Things I don't really
want to know.
and all the things
I do want to know.
I don't really know at all.
so I've just been
kind of rolling with it.
You know. like...
Oh. wow. you were in jail?
-That must have been so...
-Hey. hey!
-[tires squealing]
-MARGARET: You see what I mean?
It's crazy. It's crazy.
I look at somebody.
and I just drop in on them.
It's like. for a few seconds.
I am them.
I see the things
that they've lived.
It's just like
it's all happening to me. too.
You know. like-like...
like right now
your shoulder's killing you.
Yeah. and you-you just
want to yell.
-"Keep your eyes on the road!"
-Keep your eyes on the road!
I know. and you can't stop
thinking about Jane.
and Jane should be back
at the Monastery St. Clare.
-You're absolutely right.
-Jane?
But then yesterday.
I'm driving with Jackson.
and I flashed on you
without seeing you.
[makes whooshing sound]
It was so strong.
I dropped right in on you
without even needing
to look at you. and that was
the first time that crazy shit
has ever happened to me.
How long you been able
to do this?
Since yesterday.
Since the bird.
-What bird?
-This-this bird.
Flew in through my window.
It was beautiful. I looked
at it. and then it-it...
Was it a cardinal?
Holy sh... How the...
You're freaking me the fuck out.
-[tires squealing]
-[crossing bell dinging]
I was 20. I was in college.
You were flunking out.
basically. right?
Yeah. I-I was pretty smart.
You were. but it was
the partying.
It was the partying
and the drugs.
I mean. ketamine? Come on. dude.
-Could you please stop?
-Sorry. I'm stopping.
-I was 20. I was in college.
-Yes.
Uh. it was dark. I-I was in bed.
and I dreamed that
something was watching me.
I woke up.
and there was this bird.
-It was a cardinal.
-In the window.
and it-it looked at me.
and after that.
everything just changed.
I saw things:
context. patterns. art if acting.
I could see it all.
Arrays and conditionals
just appeared in my head...
Fully solved. "If P. then Q."
Exactly. Solved equations
-without even thinking...
-And you could read
eight-bit binary data
like it was English.
-like it was nothing.
-Yeah.
How do you know all this?
I don't. You do.
God. you hated it.
-It was a curse.
-Yeah.
I couldn't relate to anybody.
I lost every friend I ever had
because I-I couldn't stand
-to be around people.
-[train horn blaring]
Until you met Jane.
-[train horn continues blaring]
-[bell clanging]
"Don't be afraid
of what you don't know."
-What?
-That's what you said on TV.
They said I was
talking nonsense.
I understood every word.
What happened to us?
-[Daniel grunts]
-[gasps] Oh. my God.
-[tires squealing]
-[both grunting]
Who is it?!
Boyd. stop!
Boyd!
[engine revving]
[grunts]
Shit.
We got to jump! We got to bail!
I can't!
I'm standing on the brakes!
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no!
He's backing up! Get out now!
[both grunting]
-[Margaret screaming]
-All right. all right!
Get to the ladder!
MARGARET:
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
DANIEL: Okay.
[train horn blasting
in distance]
[horn continues blasting]
[both grunting]
-[bullets ricocheting]
-[grunting]
[gasping. whimpering]
-[horn honking]
-[tires squealing]
[train horn blaring]
Go! Jump!
[metallic creaking]
[gasps]
[horn blasting]
You got to jump!
Jump! Now!
-[Daniel straining]
-[breathing heavily]
[muffled shouting]
[grunting]
[heavy. gasping breaths]
Oh. my God.
[piano strings resonating]
I can't breathe.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-I can't breathe.
- I think you're having
a panic attack. - Oh. my God.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
-It's okay. I'm used to 'em.
-[stammers] My hands.
-We're okay.
-It's like my dad.
-It's like my dad. My hands.
-No. no. no. No. no. no. no.
It's like Parkinson's.
It's not the same thing.
It's not that.
Yes. it is. It's the same.
No. he couldn't control it.
I can't control it.
-I can't control it.
-You can.
[sobbing]: Oh. my God.
I ran away from him.
- I didn't want to be
around him anymore. - No. no. no. Stop.
-I want this gone!
-Okay.
I just want it gone!
I want it gone!
I want it gone! I just have
no mind of my own anymore!
Okay. stop! Stop!
Stop talking! Stop.
Give me your hands.
-Okay. look at me.
-No. no. no.
-Look at me.
-I-I'm gonna see things.
-I'm gonna see things. Please.
-Okay.
Breathe through your nose.
[both taking deep breaths]
That's it. Okay.
I can't feel my hands.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. give me your hands.
Come on.
-Come on. Put your hands there.
-[piano strings thrumming]
Feel that. Okay. you feel that?
I'm here. I'm here.
We're here.
-We're okay.
-Okay.
We're okay.
We're okay now. You're okay.
[heavy breathing continues]
We're okay.
Okay.
[breathing calms down]
Thank you.
Kellner called in from a gas
station outside Mount Leonard.
I'll meet Santiago and his crew.
We can be there
in a couple hours.
[Hugo grunts]
H-Hugo?
Could everyone leave
the staging area
for a minute. please?
-Now. please! Out!
-Yeah. Okay. let's go.
[sighs]
-[door opens]
-[groans]
SCANLON: Hello. Hugo.
♪♪
Noah. please.
It's terribly misguided for you
to dive with that thing.
It's not a magic wand.
And it's not a weapon.
but it has functions
very far beyond
your limited use of it.
Kellner was an experiencer.
wasn't he?
That's why
I couldn't dive on him.
Yes.
He was.
And In Vivo 17
told you to recruit him?
Not in any way you'd understand.
If this is all their plan. Hugo.
you can be sure it's
in their interests. not ours.
That's a very lonely way
to look at the world.
No. don't condescend to me.
I'm listening to you. Noah.
Something I've learned
quite a bit about.
From your friends?
Yes.
They regard empathy
as an evolutionary advantage.
as the foremost
evolutionary advantage.
in fact. the core
of animate existence.
Our rejection
of this understanding
is leading us to our extinction.
And is your bleeding heart
why you helped it escape?
Five years ago.
That was you. wasn't it?
Yes.
The utter insanity
of that act aside.
how could you lie to me
for five years
every time you walked
through the door?
Everything you said to me.
it was all diversion.
When precisely did you lose
your bearings?
Around the time you lost yours.
When you lost her.
You lost her and almost
immediately were lost to me.
Because you shut down.
Do not presume to know me.
When she died.
you reduced everyone
to need-to-know. including me.
Because you were very clear.
All you needed to know was them.
and they are not knowable.
not by us.
They will be.
In Vivo 17 is nonhuman
but nearer to God. Noah.
than you or I.
You don't need to fear them.
I fear us.
The entire reason WARDEX exists
is because of our knowledge.
certain that the human race
cannot accept what we know.
That truth will upend
all established order
across the entire world.
The archive Kellner stole
is a virus
against which
the world has zero immunity.
I have spent 35 years
protecting...
Your own wealth and power...
that's all
you've been protecting.
Noah. Noah.
There is an essential need
in all of us to believe
and an equal need
to be believed.
You've violated
every standard of evidence.
You've infantilized anyone
who only wanted to understand
what they've witnessed.
You've brutally stifled
their questions.
shouted them down.
ridiculed and shamed
and overridden them
for the crime
of simply being astonished.
We believe the believers
and then deny the world
the chance to believe them. too.
But people keep wondering.
encountering the unknown.
telling others
of their experiences.
They are starved for the truth.
This 79-year terror campaign
of obfuscation. lies
and cover-up has to end!
We're ready to show you
a demonstration.
-HUGO: Get out! Get out!
-Sorry. sir. we have...
Turn around and get out now!
Pull up the 12 who didn't
show up to work yesterday.
I need faces
who are with him right now.
-Her.
-Grace Zhao. neuro-services.
-Him.
-Nathan Twinning.
Hugo's chief aide.
Got a back door
into their mobile providers.
Hang on.
They shut down their phones
last night... right here.
I'll project their routes ahead
to overlap.
I can give you the AI model
within a quarter-mile radius.
[Scanlon breathing heavily]
[church bell tolling
in distance]
Sister Maura. Sister.
[indistinct whispering]
Jane?
Where are you. Jane?
-[quiet chatter]
-[bell dinging]
Does God love us?
I don't mean. does he love us?
I know he does.
Does he love only us?
'Cause Genesis says that
we're his supreme creation.
but do you think
it's possible that...
SISTER MAURA: On Earth.
What?
Genesis.
It says we are God's
supreme creation on Earth.
[bell dinging]
Do you think
there could be others?
Yes.
I would think so.
Why would he make
such a vast universe.
yet save it only for us?
If you found out
we weren't alone. if...
if someone showed you.
proved it to you...
would that frighten you?
SISTER MAURA:
No. Why? Should it?
But what if it all collapsed?
For you and every other person
of faith in the world.
Then what?
Oh.
My dear. Jane.
I don't think that you ever
doubted your belief in God.
I think you lost your faith
in people.
They say you're paying because
you borrowed their phone?
Are you near the computer?
SISTER MAURA: Yes.
What is KCXE?
Just those letters... KCXE.
Remember being a kid?
Sure.
Mostly stuff after I was ten.
Can you tell anything about me
from when I was small?
♪♪
It's just a fox.
[brakes squealing]
DANIEL: No. no. no. No!
-Stop! Stop!
-No. Daniel!
-[indistinct chatter]
-[grunting]
-Let's go. Come with us.
-Hold on.
-Let's go.
I know him. I know him.
We just got to check you
real quick.
make sure nobody's in there
with you.
[electronic trilling]
Clear.
All right. let's load up.
See. the thing about
fire trucks...
everyone gets the hell
out of your way.
♪♪
[Daniel inhales deeply]
I knew you'd make it.
I'm glad you knew.
Never a doubt.
DANIEL: Margaret.
Margaret.
Hello. Margaret.
Do you know who I am?
Of course. You're Hugo.
Nathan.
Chloe. Malik.
Jordan. Letisha.
Grace.
Hi. Terri.
Kaitlyn. That's Everett.
♪♪
I think we got it mostly right.
Margaret.
Why won't you look at me?
Because you're-you're the guy.
You're the guy
who knows everything.
And I'm... and I'm not ready
to know everything.
Including. like. why-why my mom
and dad's entire goddamn house
is just sitting right there!
What is going on?
Why are you doing this?
That's where I grew up.
This is my life.
And this matters...
what I want. who I am.
not who I am as you
or him or her. but as me.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. No.
I will not be anyone's religion.
[sobbing]
♪♪
[whimpers softly]
My room.
Oh. my room.
Why would you build all of this?
To create a passage.
To return you to your experience
in the most familiar way
possible.
What experience?
The one you shared
with Margaret.
I shared?
I am not going back there.
-Hugo.
-How much do you remember about that night?
I don't remember.
and I don't want to remember.
and I don't want you
making me remember.
-Okay. Oh. my...
-HUGO: Wait. Wait.
Wait.
Everything that happened to you
on the 23rd of February. 1996.
-is blocked.
-I don't want to know anything about it.
The only way for you
to know what's next
is to understand
what came before.
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't. Stop. stop. stop.
And then you'll know
your purpose.
Please don't make me.
I don't want to hear it.
You won't be
a passenger anymore.
I told you no! [gasps]
You have the gift
but no control.
No understanding
of your purpose.
Not a clue as to
what your situation
will demand of you beyond today.
The only way for you
to acquire it
is to go back
to where it all began.
To go home.
And when you do. Margaret.
you'll know everything.
More than what was ever
humanly possible.
They gifted each of you.
Margaret. what was dormant
in you for most of your life
was activated only yesterday.
And yours. 15 years ago.
They gave you fluency
in the language
in which the book
of the universe is written:
mathematics.
Taught it to you. imbued it
so you could understand them.
And they imbued you
so you could understand us.
It's the two of you.
[chuckles]
It's always been
just the two of you.
[quiet. indistinct chatter]
You can direct it
or feel where it wants
to take you.
It can find
what you're looking for.
It'll be an instrument
of your will.
But you must give yourself
over to it.
I'll find out
what's happening to me.
What?
It's gonna be okay.
I promise.
♪♪
Whatever happens. Daniel.
-don't you let go.
-Don't you let go.
Margaret.
Look around the room
one more time.
♪♪
You're a ten-year-old girl
asleep in your bed.
Something woke you up.
didn't it?
Yes.
So what did you do?
I sang my song.
[humming
"Someday My Prince Will Come"]
♪ And away to his castle ♪
♪ We'll go ♪
♪ To be happy forever ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ And the birds will sing. ♪
♪♪
I can see them.
Right over there.
They're coming into the room.
♪♪
[gruff. heavy breathing nearby]
[chitters softly]
♪♪
DANIEL:
No. no. no. don't go with them.
They're not animals.
Don't go with them.
They're not animals!
-It's okay. It's okay.
-[panting] They're not.
They-they present as animals
to calm us.
When I walked through the glass.
it was like
this curtain of warm water.
And the snow...
was so warm on my feet.
[long. slow gasp]
The house.
"Hansel and Gretel."
[soft electrical warbling]
♪♪
[soft whooshing]
[gruff. heavy breathing nearby]
[young Margaret
breathing heavily]
[chittering]
[rapid. gasping breaths]
Shh.
Hold my hand.
[young Daniel's breathing
slowing down]
♪♪
[trembling breaths]
-[soft electrical whooshing]
-[gasps]
[soft electrical crackling]
[soft whooshing. crackling]
-[sharp whoosh]
-[gasps]
♪♪
[soft whirring]
[soft whooshing]
[breathing heavily]
Whoa.
♪♪
Hello. Hugo.
It's so nice
to finally know you.
[tires squealing]
♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
They found us.
[labored breathing]
HUGO: Are they out front or out back?
Most likely on all sides.
Okay. give me the. uh...
the-the-the thingy.
Thermal imaging showed
43 heat signatures inside here.
This whole area's
an industrial decay zone.
No other structure has
more than five people in it.
[heavy. labored breathing]
-[groans]
-Hey.
[grunts] Get on with it.
[whirring]
[electronic trilling. beeping]
♪♪
[hushed]: No one move.
No one make a sound.
They can't see us.
Give it to me.
This is not right.
They can't see us.
but they can see this.
We need to move now.
This is not gonna last long.
We got to go right now.
[hushed]:
Look. They can't see me.
They can't see us. Let's go.
Quiet. quiet.
Through the back doors.
Any back door.
Go quiet. Go quiet.
Down the alley.
-Let's go. Let's go.
-Quiet.
Everybody. stop moving.
[rapid footsteps]
There. Look there.
Oh. God. I'm losing it.
I'm losing it.
You need to go faster.
-Get to the fire truck.
-I can't hold on.
-I can't hold...
-We got to go.
Stay on the light.
MARGARET: I can't hold on.
-[groaning]
-[glass shattering]
-[loud thud]
-[groans]
[Margaret gasps]
-[creaking]
-[grunts]
DANIEL: Let's go.
[device thrumming]
There. There. Stay on the light.
-Stay on the light.
-The light! The light!
[groaning]
[engine starts]
[siren blaring]
[urgent chatter]
SANTIAGO: Hang on.
Grab ahold of something.
[frantic chatter]
[engine revving]
[siren blaring]
[second siren blaring]
[panting]
[sirens fading in distance]
BOYD: Which one do we follow?!
There's only one place
she's going.
-[shuddering breaths]
-[device sizzling]
♪♪
SHEA [over speaker]:
Urgent measures are being
implemented across
the European Union.
where the Schengen Code
has been invoked.
closing all national borders...
-I...
-I know. I know.
SHEA: for an imminent
inbound missile attack.
MIA: In North Korea.
a second breakaway faction
has announced
it has taken control
of as many as four
military bases
and confirm troop rollouts
from Pyongyang.
Where's Clay?
SHEA: Taran Davies at the BBC
has a contact inside
the Korean Central News Agency.
the official news agency
of the North Korean government.
and had this to say earlier...
What are you doing here?
You should be in the hospital.
What...
Duncan is such a good boy.
and he needs you there tomorrow.
even if he can't say it.
I'm going on air
at the anchor desk
to deliver a special report.
O... o-okay.
Okay.
How do I get
to the control room?
I need to get
to the loading dock.
This is Daniel. This is Hugo.
-Clay. can you help us?
-Of course.
Uh. I don't know
what's happening. but come on.
Hailey.
The loading dock is
the second sign to the right.
What exactly is happening?
What's up?
Margaret's taking over
the anchor desk.
-What?
-Help her.
-Okay.
-The control room.
Why am I doing this? Come on.
The control room's upstairs.
Just follow me.
I called the police about him.
Maria and I moved out.
We're with my sister now.
-She's good.
-Good.
-Thank you.
-Of course.
Do you want makeup?
Yeah.
♪♪
What's going on down there?
I had to hard-cut to commercial.
-CLAYPOOL: Special report.
-What report?
-Who's this guy?
-He's gonna upload.
Do exactly what he says.
I'm putting it directly
on your server.
-This your coffee?
-Yes.
-DANIEL: Where's playback?
-[squeaks]
-Uh. that's me.
-Stand by. It's kind of a lot.
TD. what are
your playback channels?
They're in W. X. Y and Z.
We're gonna load up all of them.
It's coming in raw.
so you got to mix it.
And. hey. no tape delay.
I mean. not a frame.
Go straight to the feed
and leave it open.
Director. no cuts.
This plays itself.
It's gonna go outside
your market fast.
How do I route
from the affiliate server
so network has access?
You really think network's
gonna bump World War III
for whatever you got?
You bet they will.
-Hey. Shea.
-Yeah.
Uh. can you hop up?
-What?
-Claypool said that Margaret's
gonna go on
for a special report. so...
[stammering]
-Get out of the chair. Shea.
-[Shea sighs]
-MARGARET: Thanks.
-Yeah. sure.
MIA: Did you change your hair?
Uh. kinda.
-Um. hi.
-Hi.
How are you? How are you doing?
Great.
♪♪
[tires squealing]
[urgent chatter]
Two teams. find the power source
and the emergency generator.
and shut them down.
Yes. sir.
Alpha Team. you're with me
on that substation.
Two blocks past Central Avenue.
-SERENA: Bravo! Bravo Team!
-Let's do it!
SERENA: Bravo. with me!
We're looking for
a backup generator
in the back of this building.
Let's go!
[urgent chatter]
-[beeps]
-[sighs]: Okay.
[quiet. indistinct chatter]
[truck engine rumbling]
[brakes squeal]
[urgent chatter]
[beeping]
[busy chatter]
[grunts]
[tearing]
-[beeps]
-Good to go.
[beeps]
-[beeps]
-Set.
[beeps]
[busy chatter]
-[explosion booming]
-[rumbling. creaking]
-[concerned chatter]
-FLOOR MANAGER: Stand by.
[bell rings]
Emergency generator kicks in
in five seconds.
[clicking]
[power whirring]
[busy chatter]
PRODUCER:
Stand by. camera three.
We are gonna go right
to that shot of the courthouse.
[power tool buzzing]
[indistinct chatter]
Daniel. they're outside.
We-we need to go now.
[over speaker]:
We need to go right now.
Hundred percent. good to go.
-Margaret. you got me?
-I can hear you. Cooper. Yeah.
-We're live in ten.
-Okay. Thank you.
[indistinct chatter continues]
AGENT: Wait!
COOPER [over speaker]:
Five. four...
There they are.
Shut 'em down.
COOPER: three. two...
TECH DIRECTOR: Whoa!
-[bell rings]
-[indistinct chatter]
Don't look her in the eyes.
Just get her up.
AGENT: Wait!
-AGENT 2: Pull it!
-Jane.
-AGENT 3: Stop! Stop!
-Tell them the truth.
AGENT 4: Get back here.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
-[frantic chatter]
[chatter quiets]
[shuddering breaths]
[whirring]
[busy chatter]
TECH DIRECTOR:
We're back online.
♪♪
Aren't you gonna stop her?
Aren't you gonna stop her?!
♪♪
[takes deep breath]
Okay. Cooper.
Somebody has to tell New York
so they can see this.
Pick up the phone.
Call them.
This can't stay local.
Make sure they know.
[lively chatter]
New York control.
This is the director
of KCXE 4 Kansas City.
We need you to take a look at
our feed on Skypath right away.
Uh. yeah. Okay.
Uh. give me Kansas City feed
on preview.
[lively overlapping chatter]
Quiet! Quiet! Shut up!
-Take a look! Shut up!
-[chatter quiets]
Take a look
at what's on preview.
Who is this?
Why are we looking at this lady?
Wipe to three.
Good evening.
I'm Margaret Fairchild
with a special report.
Since 1973. a nongovernmental
organization known as WARDEX
has collected and repressed
known instances
of extraterrestrial visitation
to our planet.
Further. in collaboration
with the Department of Defense.
WARDEX has confiscated.
reverse engineered
and manufactured technology
based on recovered debris.
and in some cases.
they have engaged
in the interrogation
and mistreatment
of the nonhuman occupants.
Yesterday. I met with a group
of courageous people
who until recently had worked
to hide the truth.
But the truth belongs to you.
This is for you.
This is for all of us
to see and to know.
This is disclosure day.
[inhales deeply]
MAN 1 [over speaker]:
Viper-1. tally unknown contact
at 2-7-0 angels 2-5.
MAN 2: Viper-2. drop-off.
Where the hell did they go?
MAN 1: No squawk. no mode three.
MAN 2: Extreme acceleration.
bull's-eye 1-3-5-41.
-MAN 1: Locking coordinates.
-[overlapping radio chatter]
MAN 2: Contacts divided in two.
MAN 1: There's seven
of them now. Splash. splash.
MAN 2:
Holding supersonic underwater.
PRODUCER: Wait. you tell
her live. I'll deal with this.
Get me the Kansas City guy.
-I'll talk to him.
-DIRECTOR: Top line.
PRODUCER: Who is this?
Where did you get this stuff?
TECHNICIAN:
Definitely says U.S. Air Force.
-What the hell am I looking at?
-Did we verify this feed?
Is it fake? Is it AI?
Discriminator says no.
These are ground-truth pixels.
DIRECTOR: Hang on.
How do we know it's legit?
NBC ANCHOR:
Europe remains on high alert
across the entire continent.
where the Schengen Code...
PRODUCER: Who are you?
Where'd you get this stuff?
[overlapping radio chatter]
NBC ANCHOR:
In the United States.
the military readiness level
is at its highest designation
since the Cuban Missile Crisis
in 1962...
- Nicole. get Kansas City up
on the wall. - Wait. wait. wait.
We got to get somebody
on the ground
-who can verify this.
-No. there isn't any time.
We need to break
into programming.
I can't do that.
[stammers] Rebecca has to...
I'm not going through
nine steps.
Somebody's gonna pull it.
We got to pivot. Get in her ear.
-Are you sure?
-Now! Go. go!
Cue the prompter.
We got new copy coming.
- Take a look
at your preview monitor. - New copy.
We are about to pivot from
North Korea to another story.
Um. sorry.
We have just been handed
an extraordinary development.
PRODUCER 2: I've got
a "breaking" banner for you.
What does it say?
The thing she said
in Kansas City.
Send it out.
Copy that. You got that?
Uh. we're interrupting
our coverage
to switch to our affiliate
in Kansas City.
KCXE has just obtained and is
now releasing archival footage.
classified images and video
that until this moment
are claimed to have been
under government restriction.
We are attempting
to authenticate now.
but... okay. what I can
tell you is...
-Kit. do you see this?
-Oh. girl. I see it.
It's on EchoStar 12.
transponder ten. Ku digital.
-Take it.
-DIRECTOR: What are you doing?
Sending it out on the pool feed.
KCXE Kansas City. this is Kit.
NBC New York control.
What? You can't do that.
This is an NBC exclusive.
-Not anymore.
-Are we giving them the bug. guys?
-No. No.
-All right. okay. cool. cool. cool. cool.
I got to do a clean feed.
I got it.
[sighs] CNN. this is Kit.
NBC New York control.
-30. RS 30. Take 30. Go.
-[snaps fingers]
This is an interrupt.
ABC. this is Kit.
-NBC New York control.
-This is for all of us to see.
-EchoStar 12. transponder ten.
-RS 22.22. take.
BBC. this is Kit.
-NBC New York control.
-This is disclosure day.
-RS 35. Take 35.
-KIT: Pool feed. this is NBC New York.
You can go to EchoStar 12.
-transponder ten.
-Take. And 36.
-Take 36. Go.
-KIT: This is an interrupt.
[overlapping newscasts
and busy chatter]
NEWS ANCHOR: 70 years.
Yeah. that is a U.S. Navy...
This is U.S. Navy footage.
a wing camera somewhere over...
Some of these clips
reportedly originated
from secure
military installations.
[news anchor speaking French]
[speaking Spanish]
We are seeing this for
the first time along with you.
There you can see what looks
like military footage.
My goodness. it's from
Roswell. New Mexico.
The long-rumored Roswell crash
that would've been in 1947...
I'm told possibly July 8. 1947.
-Roll back Y. Take Y.
-I can see a debris field.
Wait. there's a date.
It says July 7. 1947.
Uh...
we're not...
Yeah. I'm not sure what this is.
I don't know if...
I'm sorry. I...
I do not know what to say
about this. Um...
Okay. I'm so sorry that
you're having to watch this
along with me right now.
♪♪
It is unclear if this is
an official
government disclosure...
-And take X.
-or if it has been leaked
to us unofficially.
Or if this is
something else entirely.
Oh. my... Hey. control.
is this going out live?
Are people seeing this?
You are seeing this.
Okay. we are...
we are seeing this. too.
♪♪
I'm now being told this is
part of a trove of material
that may or may not have been
cleared for public release.
34. RS 34. take.
There you can see it's a...
object.
Uh...
uh. we... uh...
[sighs] My God.
There's a lot more coming.
-Take.
-[snaps fingers]
NBC ANCHOR: It's Kecksburg.
Pennsylvania. 1965.
It's apparently another
crash site with military.
Uh. there's a...
civilian who appears
to be in charge.
My God. this is extraordinary.
Okay. let me be clear.
This is not live footage.
These are previously
classified recordings.
declassified only within
the last hour.
Tonight's international crisis
was already
approaching the unimaginable.
but this is now inconceivable.
[voice breaking]:
We appear to be...
witnessing the public release
of material long shrouded
in secrecy:
footage that raises
profound questions
about what is happening
in our skies.
what is the nature of who we are
and what our place is...
I'm sorry.
♪♪
-38. Roll 38.
-[snaps fingers]
♪♪
NBC ANCHOR:
We promise to stay with you
to report only
what we can verify.
but we are no longer talking
about unconfirmed reports.
The world has just
changed profoundly.
If you are watching this.
if you are seeing this...
you are not alone.
[quiet chatter]
HUGO'S AIDE: Slowly.
♪♪
-Yes. and then when you get...
-No. I'm saying. on...
[chatter stops]
[deep breathing]
[deep. wheezy breathing]
♪♪
[chitters softly]
[soft. clicking vocalizations]
[indistinct whispering]
♪♪
Listen.
[melodic humming]
[music ends]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today